docs: Clarifying info on the compiled class hash. (#1067)
starknet-io/starknet-docs: components/Starknet/modules/architecture_and_concepts/pages/Smart_Contracts/cairo-and-sierra.adoc

Next, the developer would submit the compilation output, the xref:Smart_Contracts/contract-classes.adoc[contract class], to the Starknet sequencer via a `DECLARE` transaction.

Starting with Cairo 1.0, the contract class resulting from xref:Smart_Contracts/class-hash.adoc#cairo1_class[compiling Cairo 1.0] does not include Casm. Instead of Casm, it includes instructions in an intermediate representation called **S**afe **I**nt**er**mediate **R**epresent**a**tion, _Sierra_ for short.
This new contract class is then compiled by the sequencer, via the Sierra &rarr; Casm compiler, to generate the Cairo assembly associated with this class. The Casm code is then executed by the Starknet OS.

== Why do we need Casm?

Starknet is a validity rollup, which means that the execution inside every block needs to be proven, and this is where STARKs come in handy.
However, STARK proofs can address statements that are formulated in the language of polynomial
constraints, and have no knowledge of smart contract execution.

> To overcome this gap, we developed Cairo.

Author: ```suggestion
Cairo was developed to overcome this gap.
```

Cairo instructions, previously referred to as Casm, are translated to polynomial constraints that enforce the correct execution of a program according to the Cairo semantics defined in link:https://github.com/starknet-io/starknet-stack-resources/blob/main/Cairo/Cairo%20%E2%80%93%20a%20Turing-complete%20STARK-friendly%20CPU%20architecture.pdf[_Cairo-a Turing-complete STARK-friendly CPU architecture_].

Thanks to Cairo, we can formulate the statement "This Starknet block is valid" in a way that we can prove.
Be aware that we can only prove things about Casm. That is, regardless of what the user sends to the Starknet sequencer, what's proven is the correct Casm execution.

> This means that we need a way to translate Sierra into Casm, and this is achieved with the Sierra -> Casm compiler.

Author: ```suggestion
So it is necessary to translate Sierra into Casm, which is achieved with the Sierra -> Casm compiler.
```

> == Why do we need Sierra?

Author: ```suggestion
== Why is Sierra necessary?
```
